The smart grid systems are open to everyone. Some keyequipment, speciﬁcally the Automated Meter Infrastructure(AMI) is situated in the user area. As a result, there is a greaterchance that the system may be interfered with, and this riskis directly correlated with the user’s level of trust, given thatoperational costs and other factors are involved.
Software Vulnerabilities: The smart grid systems are mostlymonitored with Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition(SCADA) computer software. The SCADA system’s mod-ernization, standardization of communication protocols, andincreasing interconnectivity have all contributed to a sharprise in cyberattacks on the system over time, rendering itvulnerable to assault from anywhere around the globe [16].Hence it is a must to protect the smart grids’ SCADA systemsfrom malicious cyber-attacks and malware disruption.


*The false data injection process can also be observedby estimating the phasor measurements of the connectedloads.*


A two-layer defense system was developed [23] to observe the change in the values of the power system.The defense resources are optimized in the work with a zero-sum static game algorithm. It is demonstrated that the proposed two-layer model is useful for examining false data injection attacks. Providing cybersecurity to DER, such as photovoltaic systems (PV), is one of the challenging tasks in power systems. To accomplish this, the connected syste’s active and reactive power is analyzed along with its permitted voltage level for transmission. The system’s net-work topology is used to observe the power changes on each terminal. The change in the difference in various esti-mations makes the work to predict the attack output on its class.

Data injection attacks can take many different forms, but they generally involve the attacker injecting false or malicious data into the control systems of the power grid to mislead the operators or cause the system to malfunction. For example, an attacker might inject false data into the control systems of a power grid to indicate that there is a fault in the system, when in fact there is not. This could lead to the operators taking inappropriate or unnecessary actions to respond to the false fault, which could potentially cause damage to the power grid.

 For example, the attacker might inject a command to trip a circuit breaker or shut down a generator. This could lead to widespread power outages and other disruptions in the power grid. Tripping command injection attacks can be challenging to detect, as they often involve the injection of small amounts of false or malicious data into the control systems of the power grid.
